Update Studio Pro refguide for Multiple Page Parameters (9.18) (#5065)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/pages/data-widgets/data-sources/context-source.md

The **Context** source is a data source of a data view. Data views with this data source get their object from the context, which can be one of two things:

* A surrounding data container such as a data view or list view – in this case, the **Entity (path)** property should follow an association 

> * A page parameter – a page parameter will contain an object that is passed to the page when opening it (either another page passing that parameter or a microflow passing an object)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A page parameter – a page parameter contains an object that is passed to the page when opening it (either another page passing that parameter or a microflow passing an object)
```

## 2 Properties

### 2.1 Entity (Path)

> The **Entity (path)** property specifies the entity that will be shown in the data view. If you have a top-level data view, **Entity (path)** must be an entity and the page will expect an object of this entity to be passed to it as a parameter when opened. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Entity (path)** property specifies the entity that is shown in the data view. If you have a top-level data view, **Entity (path)** must be an entity and the page expects an object of this entity to be passed to it as a parameter when opened. 
```

> The **Entity (path)** property specifies the entity that will be shown in the data view. If you have a top-level data view, **Entity (path)** must be an entity and the page will expect an object of this entity to be passed to it as a parameter when opened. 

Reviewer: >**Entity (path)** must be an entity
Do you mean not an association?

Author: That's correct, it must be only an entity and not an entity path (as **Entity (path)** can be both). I merely changed the word "is" to "must be" to make it clearer that this is a restriction.
